(DOCSP-26538): Kotlin @PersistedName annotation documentation (#2631)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/kotlin/realm-database/define-realm-object-model.txt

  :language: kotlin
  :emphasize-lines: 2-3

Map a Property to a Different Name 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To indicate a property be persisted under a different name, 

Reviewer: This is a very subjective nit, but "To indicate a property be persisted under a different name" reads as a bit indirect and awkward to me. Maybe we could be more direct here?
```suggestion
To persist a field under a different property name, 
```

use the ``@PersistedName`` annotation. 

> This is useful when open a Realm across different bindings

Reviewer: Alternately, "when opening"?
```suggestion
This is useful when you open a Realm across different bindings
```
